The lady lives in hiding in Lac Phuong village.
To see you married.
Not a thousand miles to the capital.
See that you depend on others, are hidden in the To house.
She even prepared a big gift for you.
Just to see your beautiful relatives
What about you?
How does this man treat his wife?
Ungrateful to reverse right and wrong
Wanted to kill my wife.
20 years service life.
It's all wasted on this white-eyed wolf.
What does that have to do with me?
Did I beg her to do that?
Besides, what about being a husband?
My father can give me glory.
Help me advance.
But what about her?
Besides she can give me a bowl of tofu brains
What else can you give me?
You.
Is Lee wrong?
What can a village woman give Li?
There is no position and power.
There is no background.
Why earn the respect of others
What did Mr. Qin say?
Save School Canh
You just hit me fast.
Don't forget
In this royal city of supreme power, the new power is the kingship.
You're protecting her, aren't you?
Ok, you're waiting for me.
The old general of Qin's government came.
My father's here.
Didn't kill her today.
I swear I'm not human.